you must choose a romantic way to spend
your afternoon where do you go a dinner
at my favorite restaurant be an
afternoon trip to the forest see a nice
walk on the beach D someplace where I
can see the sunset you've just won an
adventure trip and you can take one
person who do you pick a my sibling be
my best friend see one of my co-workers
D someone I'm not close with so we can
bond which of these couple cliches would
you choose a connecting keychains be
matching t-shirts C connecting necklaces
D each other's picture as your phone
wallpaper
which of the character trait pairs
describes you best a introverted
impassive be ambitious and focused see
friendly and social D outgoing and
energetic which of these situations do
you dislike the most a when people
pressure me to do things I don't like B
when someone interrupts me while I'm
talking see what my friends flake on our
plans at the last minute D when others
talk about people behind their back
it's Thursday evening and you're hungry
what do you do a look for recipes online
and cook myself a meal B shuffle through
menus and order takeout C go out to my
favorite restaurant D search for new
places in the area and pick one to eat
at what's the best way to spend your
Saturday night a binge watching my shows
or catching up on my reading the
inviting some friends over to play games
see going to the movies and then
grabbing a bite D going clubbing with a
few of my friends which of these places
would you choose to live a a small cozy
cabin in the mountains be a house or
apartment in a big city see a spacious
place in the suburbs D anywhere near the
beach
which of the following is impossible to
tolerate a wearing shoes in my house
B having to wear jeans while I'm chillin
on the couch C sleeping with my socks on
D finding single socks in the dryer how
many friends do you have a just one or
two really close ones be very few close
buddies and many acquaintances see a
handful of friends D it's hard to keep
couch
you invite someone on a first date where
do you take them a my favorite coffee
shop be a museum to talk about our
tastes in art see somewhere fun and
active like a rock climbing gym D a
comedy night or a karaoke place to
loosen up on how many dates have you
been on in the last year
a 1 to 5 B 6 to 20 see more than 20 D
I've lost count
what do you think of Valentine's Day eh
it's too commercial be it's okay can
take it or leave it
see it reminds me that I'm forever alone
d it's awesome I love it
[Music]
what's the ideal romantic gift your
partner could give you a a handmade
album filled with our photos be a nice
gesture based on things we've talked
about or our inside jokes see something
useful and not decorative D good old box
of chocolates flowers and cards you must
attend an event but you don't want to go
alone
what's your excuse eh put my phone on Do
Not Disturb and be done with it B say
I'm super busy with work and can't make
it C reply with something urgent came up
I'll explain later D if I have to be
there I'll be there
no excuses
[Music]
how do you feel in large crowds a can't
stand them be I don't think about them
see depends on how close I am to the
crowds and if it's too hot d I love it
feels like I'm with a bunch of friends
do you have a crush on someone right now
eh not really
B not right now but I get crushes all
the time
see I think I'm getting one D absolutely
why do your close friends come to you.a
for deep discussions about everything
for hours B to talk with someone about
their problems I'm a good listener C for
advice and someone to comfort them in
difficult times D I'm their go-to
partner in any activity I'm up for
anything which of these things will be
the hardest for you to give up a my cozy
apartment B my phone laptop all my
electronics see my freedom D my money
[Music]
what's the most valuable thing for you
right now a success be my time
see my friends and family D happiness
which is your best character trait a my
sense of humor be my compassion and
understanding of others see my
friendliness D my openness to new
experiences you see someone very
attractive on the street what do you do
a secretly watch them and once they see
me I'll turn my eyes down B smile at
them while going past but keep walking C
smile and wink at them for fun D if they
look back and smile I'll start a
conversation do you talk to your friends
about your relationships a no I prefer
to keep that kind of thing to myself B
yes I like knowing what they think of my
personal life
C depends when we talk about
relationships
I share my experiences D a little bit
only the important stuff
imagine getting an anonymous love
message on your phone what's your first
thought a it's a prank don't respond be
someone's following me and I'm secretly
panicking
see no time to think I immediately call
one of my friends to discuss it
d hmm who could it be
[Music]
do you open up to others easily eh
hardly ever only if they can help me B
only if I know them well enough to talk
about personal stuff see I'm usually an
open book D it depends on my mood and
the conversation I'm having what types
of people do you attract a the nerdy
type B creative types like artists see
people who are caring and protective D
friendly and adventurous people
you've just won 20 million dollars what
do you spend it on
a pay off my debt and decide what to do
with the rest later be help myself and
then give it to charity
see shopping spree with my friends and
family theme traveling the world you
have an entire weekend to yourself how
do you spend it a stay in relax maybe
play some video games B I'm inviting my
friends over for a small quiet
get-together see I'd throw a two-day
party
d leave the house and go to places I've
never been in my town which season do
you prefer a winter be spring C summer D
what's left
oh yeah fall what's your biggest flaw a
I'm so shy that I struggle to stand up
for myself
B I'm losing touch with reality and I'm
forgetful C I can be controlling at
times D I say the first thing that pops
in my head without thinking
time for your results if you have mores
you aren't 100% ready to meet your
soulmate right now you just need to have
a little more fun and tie up some loose
ends
mostly bees mean you could meet your
other half at the end of this year or
the beginning of the next you'll
probably bump into them physically
that'll be a fun story to tell if you
got a ton of C's it could happen within
the next few weeks or months you'll
likely meet your soulmate online through
social media or maybe a forum where
you'll talk about the things that
interest you both if you came out with
mostly DS you've already met your other
half you just haven't realized it yet
they could be a close friend or someone
you work with you just need to look
closer and see the signs good luck with
that